feat: Skeleton (#1)
canonical/gocert-k8s-operator: README.md

## OCI Images

- GoCert: [ghcr.io/canonical/gocert](https://github.com/canonical/gocert)

# gocert

Charmhub package name: gocert
More information: https://charmhub.io/gocert

> GoCert can help you manage your certificates, from simple all the way up to enterprise deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GoCert helps you manage your certificates, from simple all the way up to enterprise deployments.
```
